pr-buddy: helm: support join_params in `teleport-kube-agent` chart (#16351)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/helm-reference/teleport-kube-agent.mdx

### `joinParams.method`
| Type | Default value | Required? |
| - | - | - |
| `string` | `token` | Yes |

`joinParams.method` defines which join method will be used to join the Teleport cluster.
Possible values are `token`, `iam` and `ec2`.

- For `iam`, see [Joining Nodes Via AWS IAM Role](../../management/guides/joining-nodes-aws-iam.mdx).
- For `ec2`, see [Joining Nodes Via AWS IAM Role](../../management/guides/joining-nodes-aws-ec2.mdx).
- For `token` (default value), the token must be provided through `joinParams.tokenName` or
  [through an existing Kubernetes Secret](#secretName).

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="values.yaml">
  ```yaml
  joinParams:
    method: "token"|"ec2"|"iam"
  ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="--set">
  ```code
  $ --set joinParams.method="token"|"ec2"|"iam"
  ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### `joinParams.tokenName`
| Type | Default value | Required? |
| - | - | - |
| `string` | `nil` | Yes |

When `joinParams.method` is `iam` or `ec2`, `joinParams.tokenName` contains the name of the token that will be used to
join the cluster. In this case, the value is not sensitive as authorization is checked through AWS IAM or EC2.

> When `joinParams.method` is `token` (by default), `joinParams.tokenName` contains the join token itself. In this case,

Author: When I initially read the docs, I understood tokens were looked-up only when `method` was `token`, but I was not able to find this behaviour in our codebase. I don't have an AWS environment to quickly test if this works though.

> When `joinParams.method` is `token` (by default), `joinParams.tokenName` contains the join token itself. In this case,

Author: I finally got the time to build a full test setup and validate this works.

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## `joinParams`

`joinParams` controls how the Teleport agent joins the Teleport cluster.

> Those sub-values must be configured for the agent to connect to its cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These sub-values must be configured for the agent to connect to a cluster.
```

### `joinParams.method`
| Type | Default value | Required? |
| - | - | - |
| `string` | `token` | Yes |

`joinParams.method` defines which join method will be used to join the Teleport cluster.
Possible values are `token`, `iam` and `ec2`.

- For `iam`, see [Joining Nodes Via AWS IAM Role](../../management/guides/joining-nodes-aws-iam.mdx).
- For `ec2`, see [Joining Nodes Via AWS IAM Role](../../management/guides/joining-nodes-aws-ec2.mdx).
- For `token` (default value), the token must be provided through `joinParams.tokenName` or
  [through an existing Kubernetes Secret](#secretName).

<Admonition type="note" title="IAM joining requirements">
Using the IAM joining method requires either the pods to have access to [instance
metadata](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/configuring-instance-metadata-service.html),
or [IAM roles for service

> account](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html) to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accounts](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html) to be
```
